# Notes for May 31st Meeting

## Updates on Documentation in General

- Potential use of Mkdocs:
	- http://www.mkdocs.org/
	- Sample site: https://islandora-claw.github.io/CLAW/

## Change in Focus

- An opportunity for new documentation
	- Installing from Git (Kaitlin volunteered to tackle this which is great!)
	- Vagrants
	- Permissions (as per http://forum.pkp.sfu.ca/t/how-should-file-permissions-be-set/23276/2)
	- Installation Tips for Domains and Hosting (as per http://forum.pkp.sfu.ca/t/each-journal-with-its-own-domain-name/5720/30)

The idea here is take some of my heavy-handedness away and turn over more docs to the group to work on. I'll still have to be point on making sure you're included in the Gitbook contributors access for now, but just ask and I'll happily add you to a document. I know this group can be more collaborative than it has been. Watch for updates to Slack and email for new documentation to consider.

## Doc Sprint @ the PKP Conference, 2017

Documentation Sprint @ PKP Conference, 2017 // Book sprintâ€¦ digging in on documents that we can build up moving forward. We could identify some in advance, or maybe even make a new document. Taking a democratic approach to documentation. Proposing books for folks to work on over the course of the sprint. Could be 2-3 little groups, or one big group. Remote participants are definitely welcome.
