Hey everyone, 

We had a brief call today (with a small number of members) and discussed a few things. Here's a summary of what we talked about. 

**Gitbook**

I probably mentioned this back in January, but we've been investigating a possible withdrawl from Gitbook. One of the biggest issues is that Gitbook's ethos as a start-up backed by VCs (venture capitalists) means that we've been squeezed a few times for money in situations where services were previously free. I've managed to work around the two most prominent issues here, but it makes us a little uncomfortable. This isn't to say that we don't understand having to charge for a service, but their prices are a little extreme for what you get. The other issue is Search Engine Optimization, or SEO. Since our documentation lives away from the PKP site proper, it's harder for people to find the documentation they need. The PKP website has excellent SEO. GitBook does not. 

That said, we've still not been able to find anything that handles translations and markdown as elegantly as GitBook does. Because of this, we'll be sticking with the platform at least for the immediate future. For many of you, there won't be much of a difference here. I can still assign collaborators for documents on a case-by-case basis. 

The biggest difference here is that we'll gradually be moving more documentation over to GitHub. This means that we'll have more than one way to update documentation. Primarily, folks/PKP community members can contribute via pull request. The other via users logged in through GitBook. More accessibility for documentation is better. More content in GitHub means we can leverage GitHub's tools as well, like Issue tracking via the DIG repository and the Teams feature for DIG members who prefer GitHub over GitBook. We don't have a timeline for this migration, but it shouldn't be too complicated to get started. 

The other major difference will be in where documentation lives. Because GitBook has a command line interface, we can generate versions of our documentation to _also live on PKP servers_, which we'll be doing sooner than later. These versions will likely update every 12-24 hours via an automated process and will live on pkp.sfu.ca/docs so that we may finally have a consistent home for all the good work done by the folks in this group. It should be more visible to the PKP community. 

So, TL;DR, we aren't leaving GitBook and your current workflow shouldn't change if that's how you work on documentation, but we should soon have more options for sharing and collaboration. 

**Looking Forward**

It's possible that PKP has a hard time seeing the forest for the trees when it comes to new documentation. _I'm asking members of the Documentation Interest Group to tell us your ideas for documentation we don't have, that you really wish we had_.  Sometimes excellent bits of information live only on the forum but are used regularly by the hosting team, these might form an initial collection of smaller texts worth converting to documentation. If you have any ideas for some documentation in this space, please let me know via the Slack channel or an email. Some of what we discussed today included: 

- documentation on how to start totally from scratch (without really knowing anything about servers)... this sort of doc would fall between the basics of learning OJS and the technical reference. Something like a less technical account of the basics of server information. 
- documentation on how to install OJS from Git. 
- documentation on hardening OJS security (currently lives on the forum)
- documentation on file permissions (also lives on forum)

Please don't be afraid to make any suggestions for what sort of document you might want to see. 

Finally, we discussed the PKP Code/Documentation Sprint occurring before the PKP Conference in Montr√©al this year from August 2nd-3rd. We'll be engaging in a documentation sprint, featuring the Getting Found, Staying Found document in particular. I believe the idea is that this document will be published at SFU, and contributors will be credited, which might prove as a carrot for us to dig in on finishing the document. 

**Housekeeping**

As this email is giant, I'll make it quick. Thanks to those of you who have contributed docs over the last little while. Translation work has been happening as well which is excellent. I know doc work is thankless, so I'm trying to be especially thankful. I've included the next few dates where these meetings ought to be taking place, and I'll be adding these notes on the Git Repo for this interest group. Our winter was a little bit of a mess, but I hope to get us back on a more managed track. 

For the time being, our calls occur on the last wednesday of any given month, at 11am Atlantic Time, 7am Pacific.  The next few dates should be as follows: 

- May 31st
- June 28th 
- July 26th
- August 30th

I'll try to get agenda out earlier than I did this week. Apologies for the short notice. 

That should be everything! As usual, don't be afraid to contact me about questions. I'm not always fast on the reply, but I _am exceedingly grateful for everyone's time and interest_ in this group. 

Cheers,
Mike Nason
